# BSRC: The Bitcoin Standard Recording Code
Recursion has unleashed high-quality, full length audio inscriptions in Bitcoin. Sanctuarium is pioneering the use of recursive technology to revolutionize the music industry. Not only are we releasing tracks and artwork from leading musicians, we hope that the methods and tools we’re sharing with the community will spark an explosion of music in Ordinals. Our sequencer in particular enables absolutely anyone to easily create musical ordinals, easily and at low cost. Anticipating that the Ordinals meta will soon expand to include audio, we believe it’s important to guide the growth of audio according to a single, rational standard. If everyone inscribes audio in their own particular way, that will only will lead to chaos and confusion. By following a single standard for audio inscriptions, the role of indexers will be greatly simplified. In this way, all the music, samples, effects, and speech recorded in Bitcoin will be properly cataloged and thus, easy for users to find in marketplaces and explorers.

# Introducing the BSRC
Our BSRC (Bitcoin Standard Recording Code) is based on the ISRC (International Standard Recording Code), familiar to any musician or music industry professional anywhere in the world. Just like the ISRC, BSRC includes the following key information: artist name, track title and date recorded. Unlike the ISRC, we don’t include a country code. After all, Bitcoin is a global phenomenon!

# Advantages of BSRC
The main difference between BSRC and ISRC is that our standard is completely free and fast! Unlike applying for an ISRC, a bureaucratic process usually handled by a record label, getting a BSRC is an easy and instant process which any musician can handle themselves. Once the relevant info is entered into our Suite, a unique string is automatically generated for each track and included as part of the inscription service. This string also serves as a copyright code, which allows artists to share their work with full peace of mind regarding any potential legal ownership issues. As an added benefit, the number of people who own a particular track can also be tracked, even if they trade their holdings in future. This gives musicians a new level of insight into their sales. We are making the BSRC standard public so that everyone can benefit from it, even if they inscribe outside of the Suite.eate your own BSRC registered ordinal
